{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Light;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\csgray\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14620\viewh13200\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3   Updated September 2018
\f1 \
\
SayPro ("us", "we", or "our") operates the website and the SayPro mobile Application (the "Service").\
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
\fs24 \
\

\b\fs32   Information Collection and Use
\b0\fs24 \
\

\fs28 We do not collect personal information from visitors of our mobile Application.\
For a better experience and monetization while using our Service, the App does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.\
\
\'95 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en"}}{\fldrslt AdMob}}\
\'95 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics/"}}{\fldrslt Firebase Analytics}}\
\'95 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fabric.io/privacy"}}{\fldrslt Fabric}}\
\'95 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/policy.php"}}{\fldrslt Facebook}}\
\'95 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://policies.google.com/privacy"}}{\fldrslt Google}}\
\'95 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/en/privacy"}}{\fldrslt Twitter}}
\fs24 \
\

\b\fs32   Log Data
\b0\fs24 \
\

\fs28 We want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the App we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (\'93IP\'94) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the App when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
\fs24 \
\

\b\fs32   Cookies
\b0\fs24 \
\

\fs28 Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.\
This Service does not use these \'93cookies\'94 explicitly. However, the App may use third party code and libraries that use \'93cookies\'94 to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
\fs24 \
\

\b\fs32   Service Providers
\b0\fs24 \
\

\fs28 We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:\
\
\'95 To facilitate our Service;\
\'95 To provide the Service on our behalf;\
\'95 To perform Service-related services;\
\'95 To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.\
\
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
\fs24 \
\

\b\fs32   Security
\b0\fs24 \
\

\fs28 We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
\fs24 \
\

\b\fs32   Children\'92s Privacy
\b0\fs24 \
\

\fs28 These Services do not address anyone under the age of 4. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 4. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information.
\fs24 \
\

\b\fs32   Changes to This Privacy Policy
\b0\fs24 \
\

\fs28 We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page. \

\fs24 \

\b\fs32   Contact Us
\b0\fs24 \
\

\fs28 If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.\
Email: SayProApp@gmail.com\
}